yeah you know this is I'm just here
trying to make a quick tutorial on how
to save battery for your android device
in particular your LG Esteem from
metropcs I've had the phone for a little
bit so I've been playing around with it
and I've been the battery is not
actually not that bad for me it's been
working pretty good so show you guys how
to obtain good battery life first thing
is that you can download juicedefender
ultimate download that okay I have that
enabled right now i'll show you why it's
a good good application i have had this
battery the phone on plug since 132 am
dead I'll do enough anyways I've had the
battery unplug since 132 am today march
seven 2012 alright said 17 per set so
that's because I've been messing around
with it but you get the idea it's a
really good battery saver then you want
to go to settings go to display and go
to animation if you want to save battery
tenfold even more so with the juice
defender application turn all of that
off no animations and to fully optimize
the battery even more put the 15 seconds
instead of two minutes or 10 minutes or
even 30 minutes it's better to have it
right there because you can always push
the button to turn the screen back on
that'll help save the battery here you
have the right here you have the
young you have the sound you can either
have it vibrate for the sound on but
that's not important we will make sure
Wi-Fi is off bluetooth is off if you
know using it turn the gps all because
that will then that will drain the
battery three times as fast and the
airplane mode you can put that in there
and not a healthier battery right there
let it help save battery but you won't
get any service you see em in lecture
pcs so okay that's it so i'll be making
more videos in the near future just
wanted to show you how good this juice
defender application is for for your
phone juicedefender ultimate it's a
really good application this is just an
add on what you want to do is go to your
android market this is just an add-on go
to your android market i will i'll be
talking about that pneus i'll be talking
about this in a later video but this is
actually android market right there i'll
be talking to discussing that soon I
enjoyed market download the original
juicedefender then go back on 4shared
com and there you go let us into this
video so i will be as it later